Docs: top-level refresh and restructure (#1043)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/quickstart.md

# Redocly CLI quickstart guide

Take your first steps with the Redocly CLI by following the steps in this guide.

Before you start:
* [install the Redocly CLI](./installation.md) if you haven't already
* if you have an OpenAPI description to use, have it handy (we assume it's called `openapi.yaml`), or [try our example](https://github.com/Redocly/openapi-starter/blob/main/openapi/openapi.yaml)

:::attention
There's also an [openapi-starter](https://github.com/Redocly/openapi-starter) repository that you can clone and experiment with to get your bearings
:::

### Preview API documentation

Redocly CLI has support for showing a preview of [Redoc](https://redocly.com/redoc) rendering your API docs, which updates when the API description updates. 
Run the command:

```bash
redocly preview-docs openapi.yaml
```

> The output will take a few moments to build, and then will let you know the host and port where the preview server is running - usually `http://localhost:8080`.

Reviewer: question: do we want to enforce no past/future tense?
```suggestion
The output takes a few moments to build, and then lets you know the host and port where the preview server is running - usually `http://localhost:8080`.
```
